In this video, we're going to start to add in several pieces of code to make sure that TypeScript can
make sure that whenever we create a listener, we've got some matching subject and data type argument
provided inside the on message function.
So let's get to it.
The first thing we're going to do inside of our events directory, we're going to create a new file.
And inside there we're going to put together something that's going to list out all the different valid
subject names that we ever expect to receive.
So inside of my events directory, I'm going to make a new file called Simply Subjects.
Now remember, a subject in the world of gnats is the name of a channel.
So you can kind of think, think of this as being like an event name or something very similar to that.
Inside this subject's file, we are going to export an enum called Subjects.
And if you've never worked with an enum before, it's essentially somewhat similar to an object.
We're going to list out a couple of properties inside of here, and we're going to then say if something
is of type subjects, then that means that it is one of the different properties that is listed out
inside.
I'll show you an example of it right after we list out some different values inside of here.
So inside of subjects, we're going to list all the possible subjects we expect to have.
Well, we definitely expect to have a subject of ticket created.
And we might eventually have one of say order updated as well.
We definitely don't yet, but we might at the future.
So just to give an example, we're going to add this in as a possible subject inside of the cam.
So I'm going to say ticket created.
Ticket it created.
And then order.
Was it updated?
Yes.
Order.
Updated?
Is order updated?
And I'll put a comma after that first entry like so.
So now just as a quick example of how we would use this enum, we could make a function called print
subject.
And we could say that in order to be an argument to this.
We'll take in some argument called subject, and it must be one of the members or one of the properties
or types options, whatever you want to call it, listed inside the column.
So to call print subject, we cannot put in some random string.
We must put in one of the different options from that enum.
So to do so, we would write out.
Subjects dot ticket created like so, and that works just fine.
Or alternatively, we could do order updated as well.
Okay.
So as time goes on and we start to add in more possible events to our application, we're going to come
back to the subject's file and list them out inside of here.
This file alone is going to save us a ton of different typos.
We're going to list out the actual event name or the actual subject that we're going to use with the
nets as a hardcoded string inside of here.
And then inside of all of our code, for example, inside of our listener that we just created, rather
than referring to this hardcoded string right here, where we could very easily make a typo like say
ticket created instead of the intended ticket colon created, we will instead refer to, say, subject's
ticket created.
And again, that's going to help us for making any very simple, straightforward typos.
So this already is a good improvement, but we're not using it anywhere just yet.
Let's take a quick pause right here.
In the next video, we're going to start to come up with this structure that's going to allow TypeScript
to understand that there is a tight coupling of sorts between a ticket subject or this ticket created
subject and this event data type of ID title and price.